Today I'm going to walk you through the
Tik Tok shop launch strategy that nobody
is talking about. This is a strategy and
a playbook that we have used at Social
Commerce Club where day one GMV exploded
X versus a quiet launch. Stick around
and I am going to show you the four-step
blueprint plus the secret that we make
it to make it dead simple. Now here's
some of the pain points that you might
be feeling. How do I get creators
excited before anyone can even buy the
product? This is a huge one. I don't
have an influencer network. Where do I
find a 100 legit partners fast for Tik
Tok shop? Coordinating posts on one
weekend sounds like hurting cats. How do
you pull it off? Isn't a blitz crazy
expensive if I'm already paying for ads?
What happens after launch day so that
sales don't nose dive? All right, guys.
My name is Jordan West. I'm the founder
at Social Commerce Club. We have driven
a lot of revenue on Tik Tok shop. I also
by the way have owned seven e-commerce
brands over the years and I am obsessed
with everything to do with e-commerce.
We had a recent client who did this
exact same launch who is one of the top
shops on Tik Tok shop and I'm very very
excited to show you this. We also have a
private high GMV creator community that
has tens of millions of dollars of
monthly sales inside of it. Today I am
going to be showing you a repeatable
creator blitz system that drives instant
velocity that the algorithm absolutely
loves that builds creator FOMO so that
the next 200 creators line up and sets
sets up a longtail ad scale with social
proof baked into it from the beginning.
Let's get into the road map here. Number
one is preeding. So this is four to 6
weeks out. Sometimes with us at the
agency, sometimes it's two weeks out
because a brand comes to us and they're
like, "Hey guys, we know that you're the
best. We need to get you to handpick 100
to 200 micro and midcreators." And so we
go and do that. And our team is just
absolutely phenomenal at Social Commerce
Club. Sometimes they hate me because I
always say yes. But pick 100 to 200
micro and midcreators, right? This is
where uh these are people who are high
GMV creators. We luckily have a large
community of these people. That's when
you're going to ship your hero skew,
your creative brief, and your unique
shop codes all to them. This is where
you're going to have your Discord group,
you're going to have your WhatsApp
group. For us, we love WhatsApp. Um, I
think that it works a lot better than
Discord. I think Discord is just getting
overloaded. Um, oftent times I will try
to go to channels where other people are
not constantly on. Now, the hype week is
really, really important. This is 7 days
out. So, this is daily uh messages,
daily prompts, down graphics, and sample
UGC to copy for the big launch. I love
launching. When I think about some of
the biggest launches that I've had as a
brand, um, you know, some of the brands
that that we have owned, one of them in
particular, we had a launch similar to
this that was $250,000 in the first day
with no ads. Now, this was in the
Facebook ad era, and we spent no money
on ads. Not that we're not still in the
Facebook ad era, but you know what I
mean. So, you want to incentivize the 7
days out. Incentivize gamification,
right? The top 10 creators get double
commission. Maybe they get a brand shout
out. Maybe they get a trip to
Disneyland. Whatever it is, you want to
gamify it. And we do that for brands at
Social Commerce Club. We're always
putting different incentives together to
get them to do this. Now, the 48 hour
blitz launch, all creators post within
the same 24 to 48 hour window. So
whether that's Friday night and
Saturday, we're trying to get them all
to post at the exact same moment to
create a moment. That is the big thing
that we're trying to do here. Now, use
paid ads to spark as many of those posts
as you can. And my suggestion to you is
to spend as much as humanly possible in
that first weekend, right? Get as much
ad spend as you can to spark the
algorithm that so that other creators
then are like, "Oh my gosh, now all I
want to do is work with this brand. We
saw a huge launch out of the out of the
gate." So, some of you might be thinking
to yourself like, "Ah, yeah, we can go
low and slow and we can just test this
channel." I recommend doing this. I
recommend spending $50,000 on ads in
that first weekend with your first 200
creators. I know that this is crazy, but
for you bigger brands that are out
there, this is what I think that you
should do. Now, if you're thinking,
"Wow, 50,000 is a lot. Let's try 5,000."
Right? Whatever you do, try and get this
to be big at first. Now, let's talk
about scaling and stacking. This is
weeks two through four. So, this is
where you're going to rec recruit the
next wave of creators. You're going to
show them the blitz results for instant
credibility, right? Hey, by the way,
we've already done this much GMV. This
is how much you can make. Again, you
were trying to sell to your creators. At
this point, you're going to launch
additional product IDs and bundles.
You're going to test CPMs and
clickthrough rates. You're going to be
looking at all of these kind of stats to
see who is going to be next. And then
you're going to be gradually
transferring your budget. And again, I
go through all of this in my YouTube
channel here. So, you guys can go back
and look at uh some of the uh previous
strategies that we've talked about with
ads, but we're going to be talking about
product shopping ads and video shopping
ads. And then you're going to move into
GMV Max. But again, please take a look
at one of my previous videos on how to
do this. Do not move into GMVX too soon.
All right, let's deep dive into some of
the segments here. So segment one, why
volume on day one beats a drip feed. The
Tik Tok shop Algo boosts velocity,
right? So volume equals free reach. This
is massive social proof compounding.
These 200 people posting three to five
times on the first day. It is going to
feel like people are seeing it
everywhere. Now number two, building a
brandown creator community. Own the
list. Don't let the platform own the
list. When Tik Tok was about to go away,
it wasn't that hard for us at the agency
because we already knew all of our
creators and we had them off of the
platform. Make sure that you were off of
the platform. Maybe that's Circle, maybe
that's Discord, maybe it's Slack, maybe
it's WhatsApp. Whatever it is, make sure
that you own them off of the platform.
Incredibly important. Now, coordinate
the blitz without losing your mind,
right? Maybe this is a shared Google
calendar launch window, right? There's
maybe a pre-approved Creative Vault. You
need to have that real- time
communication with them and that's
incredibly important. Now, let's make
sure that that ad spend leverages all of
the posts that you're having around Tik
Tok shop. Make sure that you have your
spark codes ready. Make sure that you
have different budget tiers for people.
Make sure that you have some rule-based
scaling after a certain amount of
conversions. You are going to want to
make sure that your best media buyers or
potentially your agency is on it. Again,
I think that our team at Social Commerce
Club is absolutely worldclass when it
comes to understanding how to drive all
of this for brands. Segment number five,
this is going to be your post-launch
flywheel. So, you're going to turn top
performers into long-term performers
with you. You're going to bundle SKUs to
lift your your AOV and keep testing,
continually test, continually test. So,
let's get into let's get into what this
actually looks like. seed 200 creators,
a synchronized blitz into Spark ads, and
then scale and snack. Here's the action.
Sorry, scale and stack. We're going to
keep that in this YouTube video because
I think that that's great. You can also
snack if you want, if that's something
you want to do. All right, here's the
action steps for you guys. Map out your
dream 200 creators this week. Set a
launch date 45 days out and lock it in
and start building your brandowned
creator hub today. Maybe that's Slack,
maybe that's WhatsApp, maybe that's
Discord, or you can just hire our team
at Social Commerce Club. Uh we have a
couple of different ways that we work
with brands over at Social Commerce
Club. Some really, really cool ways. One
is full service. We do everything for
you. The other is Tik Tok Shop OS Plus,
and I'm really, really excited for this
at Social Commerce Club. We are the only
ones that are doing this right now where
we're actually doing the work with you
and helping your team understand how to
do this. Some brands aren't able to
afford a big agency service. And so,
this is a way that we have been able to
do that and work one-on-one with you
every single week to get your Tik Tok
shop from zero to $100,000 a month.
Guys, I hope that you enjoyed this. Go
to socialcomcommerceclub.com
or you can join my whatever it's called
down below, my school community. All
right, guys. Thanks so much and have a
great